docs/config/module/transform/select.md, before:

# SelectField

SelectField is the definition for limiting the fields to be output, changing field names, and making slight modifications.

## SelectField common parameters

| parameter | optional | type    | description                                                                                                                  |
|-----------|----------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name      | required | String  | Specify the name of the field in the aggregate result. Must be unique.                                                       |
| func      | optional | Enum    | Specify the processing function. Parameters differ depending on the `func`. Refer to following table of supported functions. |
| ignore    | optional | Boolean | Specify true if you do not want to execute this select processing                                                            |

### Supported Select functions

`pass`, `rename`, `constant`, and `expression` can omit parameter `func`.
(It is automatically inferred from the other parameters specified)

| func              | description                                                                                                                                                                                 | additional parameters        |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| pass              | Holds the value of the field specified by `name`                                                                                                                                            | -                            |
| rename            | Renames the specified `field` to the specified `name`.                                                                                                                                      | `field`                      |
| constant          | Generates a field with the specified `type` and `value`. As type values, `boolean`, `string`, `long`, `double`, `date` and `timestamp` are supported.                                       | `type` and `value`           |
| expression        | Generates a field with the value of the result of the calculation for the specified `expression`. `expression` allows the fields contained in the aggregate result to be used as variables. | `expression`                 |
| current_timestamp | Generates a field with a current timestamp value                                                                                                                                            | -                            |
| concat            | Concatenates values of the specified `fields` as a string. if `delimiter` is specified, it will be combined using the value.                                                                | `fields`, `delimiter`        |
| uuid              | Generates a field with uuid string value                                                                                                                                                    | -                            |
| hash              | Generates a hashed string of the value of the specified `field` as a string. if `size` is specified, returns it in the length of the string.                                                | `field`, `secret` and `size` |

Commit message:

support text func for select

docs/config/module/transform/select.md, after:

# SelectField

SelectField is the definition for limiting the fields to be output, changing field names, and making slight modifications.

## SelectField common parameters

| parameter | optional | type    | description                                                                                                                  |
|-----------|----------|---------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name      | required | String  | Specify the name of the field in the aggregate result. Must be unique.                                                       |
| func      | optional | Enum    | Specify the processing function. Parameters differ depending on the `func`. Refer to following table of supported functions. |
| ignore    | optional | Boolean | Specify true if you do not want to execute this select processing                                                            |

### Supported Select functions

`pass`, `rename`, `constant`, and `expression` can omit parameter `func`.
(It is automatically inferred from the other parameters specified)

| func              | description                                                                                                                                           | additional parameters        |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| pass              | Holds the value of the field specified by `name`                                                                                                      | -                            |
| rename            | Renames the specified `field` to the specified `name`.                                                                                                | `field`                      |
| constant          | Generates a field with the specified `type` and `value`. As type values, `boolean`, `string`, `long`, `double`, `date` and `timestamp` are supported. | `type` and `value`           |
| expression        | Embeds input data in the formula specified by the `expression` parameter and outputs the result of the calculation as a double type.                  | `expression`                 |
| text              | Generates text by embedding input data in the template specified by the `text` parameter.                                                             | `text`                       |
| current_timestamp | Generates a field with a current timestamp value                                                                                                      | -                            |
| concat            | Concatenates values of the specified `fields` as a string. if `delimiter` is specified, it will be combined using the value.                          | `fields`, `delimiter`        |
| uuid              | Generates a field with uuid string value                                                                                                              | -                            |
| hash              | Generates a hashed string of the value of the specified `field` as a string. if `size` is specified, returns it in the length of the string.          | `field`, `secret` and `size` |
