docs/config/module/README.md, before:

# Build-in modules

## Source Modules

※ In streaming mode for modules other than PubSub will run in micro batches

| module | batch | streaming | description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [bigquery](source/bigquery.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from BigQuery with a specified query or table |
| [spanner](source/spanner.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from Cloud Spanner with a specified query or table |
| [storage](source/storage.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from file storage from specified path |
| [datastore](source/datastore.md) | ○ | ○ (TBA) | Import data from Cloud Datastore with a specified gql |
| [jdbc](source/jdbc.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from RDB using JDBC connector with a specified query |
| [pubsub](source/pubsub.md) | - | ○ | Import data from Cloud PubSub |


## Transform Modules

| module | batch | streaming | description|
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [beamsql](transform/beamsql.md) | ○ | ○ | Process the data in a given SQL |
| [window](transform/window.md) | ○ | ○ | Assign to the specified type of Window from the time of the specified field |

## Sink Modules

| module | batch | streaming | description|
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [bigquery](sink/bigquery.md) | ○ | ○ | Inserting Data into BigQuery Table |
| [spanner](sink/spanner.md) | ○ | ○ | Inserting Data into Cloud Spanner Table |
| [storage](sink/storage.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Inserting Data into Cloud Storage Table |
| [datastore](sink/datastore.md) | ○ | ○ | Inserting Data into Cloud Datastore Table |
| [jdbc](sink/jdbc.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Inserting Data into RDB table using JDBC connector |

Commit message:

Add solrindex and pdfextract module.

docs/config/module/README.md, after:

# Build-in modules

## Source Modules

※ In streaming mode for modules other than PubSub will run in micro batches

| module | batch | streaming | description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [bigquery](source/bigquery.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from BigQuery with a specified query or table |
| [spanner](source/spanner.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from Cloud Spanner with a specified query or table |
| [storage](source/storage.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from file storage from specified path |
| [datastore](source/datastore.md) | ○ | ○ (TBA) | Import data from Cloud Datastore with a specified gql |
| [jdbc](source/jdbc.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Import data from RDB using JDBC connector with a specified query |
| [pubsub](source/pubsub.md) | - | ○ | Import data from Cloud PubSub |


## Transform Modules

| module | batch | streaming | description|
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [beamsql](transform/beamsql.md) | ○ | ○ | Process the data in a given SQL |
| [window](transform/window.md) | ○ | ○ | Assign to the specified type of Window from the time of the specified field |
| [pdfextract](transform/pdfextract.md) | ○ | ○ | Extract text and metadata from PDF files |

## Sink Modules

| module | batch | streaming | description|
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [bigquery](sink/bigquery.md) | ○ | ○ | Inserting Data into BigQuery Table |
| [spanner](sink/spanner.md) | ○ | ○ | Inserting Data into Cloud Spanner Table |
| [storage](sink/storage.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Write file to Cloud Storage |
| [datastore](sink/datastore.md) | ○ | ○ | Inserting Data into Cloud Datastore Table |
| [jdbc](sink/jdbc.md) | ○ | ○(TBA) | Inserting Data into RDB table using JDBC connector |
| [solrindex](sink/solrindex.md) | ○ | - | Write solr index file to Cloud Storage |
