docs/config/module/sink/pubsub.md, before:

# PubSub Sink Module

PubSub sink module publishes record to the specified PubSub topic.

## Sink module common parameters

| parameter | optional | type | description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| name | required | String | Step name. specified to be unique in config file. |
| module | required | String | Specified `pubsub` |
| input | required | String | Step name whose data you want to write from |
| parameters | required | Map<String,Object\> | Specify the following individual parameters. |
| outputAvroSchema | optional | String | Save the schema of the output as an Avro Schema file in the path of GCS specified here. |

## PubSub sink module parameters

| parameter | optional | type | description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| topic | required | String | Specify the PubSub topic name of the destination. (projects/{gcp project}/topics/{topic name}) |
| format | required | String | Specifies the format of the records to publish. Currently supporting `json` and `avro`. |
| attributes | optional | Array<String\> | Specify the field names you want to register as attributes in the PubSub message. |
| idAttribute | optional | String | Specify a field name with a value when you want to give an ID to a PubSub message to ensure uniqueness. |
| timestampAttribute | optional | String | Specify the attribute name when you want to save the event time of the record as attribute value. |
| maxBatchSize | optional | Integer | Specify the number of buffers to send to PubSub at one time. |
| maxBatchBytesSize | optional | Integer | Specifies the buffer byte size to be sent to PubSub at one time. |

## Related example config files

* [BigQuery to Cloud PubSub](../../../../examples/bigquery-to-pubsub.json)

Commit message:

support pubsub sink protobuf format.

docs/config/module/sink/pubsub.md, after:

# PubSub Sink Module

PubSub sink module publishes record to the specified PubSub topic.

## Sink module common parameters

| parameter | optional | type | description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| name | required | String | Step name. specified to be unique in config file. |
| module | required | String | Specified `pubsub` |
| input | required | String | Step name whose data you want to write from |
| parameters | required | Map<String,Object\> | Specify the following individual parameters. |
| outputAvroSchema | optional | String | Save the schema of the output as an Avro Schema file in the path of GCS specified here. |

## PubSub sink module parameters

| parameter | optional | type | description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| topic | required | String | Specify the PubSub topic name of the destination. (projects/{gcp project}/topics/{topic name}) |
| format | required | String | Specifies the format of the records to publish. Currently supporting `json`, `avro` and `protobuf`. |
| attributes | optional | Array<String\> | Specify the field names you want to register as attributes in the PubSub message. |
| idAttribute | optional | String | Specify a field name with a value when you want to give an ID to a PubSub message to ensure uniqueness. |
| timestampAttribute | optional | String | Specify the attribute name when you want to save the event time of the record as attribute value. |
| maxBatchSize | optional | Integer | Specify the number of buffers to send to PubSub at one time. |
| maxBatchBytesSize | optional | Integer | Specifies the buffer byte size to be sent to PubSub at one time. |
| protobufDescriptorPath | optional | String | When `protobuf` is specified as the `format`, specify the path of the GCS where the descriptor file for serialization is located. |
| protobufMessageName | optional | String | When `protobuf` is specified as the `format`, Specify the full name(contains package name) of the target message. |

## Related example config files

* [BigQuery to Cloud PubSub](../../../../examples/bigquery-to-pubsub.json)
