docs/exec/README.md, before:

# Execute Pipeline

## gcloud command

gcloud command allows you to execute a configuration file uploaded to GCS with parameters as follows

```sh
gsutil cp config.json gs://{path/to/config.json}

gcloud dataflow flex-template run {job_name} \
  --template-file-gcs-location=gs://{path/to/template_file} \
  --parameters=config=gs://{path/to/config.json}
```

## REST API

The REST API allows you to execute pipeline from configuration file on your PC.

(You should be aware that the commands are somewhat redundant and that you need to escape the JSON string in the configuration file.)

```sh
PROJECT_ID=[PROJECT_ID]
REGION=us-central1
CONFIG="$(cat config.json)"
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -H "Authorization: Bearer $(gcloud auth print-access-token)" "https://dataflow.googleapis.com/v1b3/projects/${PROJECT_ID}/locations/${REGION}/templates:launch"`
  `"?dynamicTemplate.gcsPath=gs://{path/to/legacy_template_file}" -d "{
    'parameters': {
      'config': '$(echo "$CONFIG")'
    },
    'environment': {
        'tempLocation': 'gs://{path/to/tempfile}'
    },
    'jobName':'myJobName',
  }"
```

## Rewriting the configuration file at runtime

You can assign variables to the configuration file at runtime.

The first method is to use TemplateEngine as mentioned in the [How to Define Pipeline](../config/README.md).

The second way is to override the parameters in the Config file by specifying `{stepName}.{parameterName}` as a parameter at runtime.

Suppose you have defined a configuration file as follows.

```JSON
{
  "sources": [
    {
      "name": "myQueryResult",
      "module": "bigquery",
      "parameters": {
        "table": "xxx.yyy.zzz"
      }
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```

You can override the parameter by specifying a value with the parameter name DOM at runtime, as shown below.

```sh
gsutil cp config.json gs://{path/to/config.json}

gcloud dataflow flex-template run {job_name} \
  --template-file-gcs-location=gs://{path/to/template_file} \
  --parameters=config=gs://{path/to/config.json} \
  --parameters=myQueryResult.table=myproject.mydataset.mytable \
```

Commit message:

Add description to run template in streaming mode.

docs/exec/README.md, after:

# Execute Pipeline

## gcloud command

gcloud command allows you to execute a configuration file uploaded to GCS with parameters as follows

```sh
gsutil cp config.json gs://{path/to/config.json}

gcloud dataflow flex-template run {job_name} \
  --template-file-gcs-location=gs://{path/to/template_file} \
  --parameters=config=gs://{path/to/config.json}
```

## REST API

You can also run template by [REST API](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/reference/rest/v1b3/projects.locations.flexTemplates/launch).

In the following example, instead of uploading the config file to GCS, the contents are specified directly from a local file.
If you want to specify the contents of the config file directly via REST API, you should be aware that you need to escape the JSON string in the config file.

```sh
PROJECT_ID=[PROJECT_ID]
REGION=[REGION]
CONFIG="$(cat examples/xxx.json)"

curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -H "Authorization: Bearer $(gcloud auth print-access-token)" "https://dataflow.googleapis.com/v1b3/projects/${PROJECT_ID}/locations/${REGION}/flexTemplates:launch" -d "{
  'launchParameter': {
    'jobName': 'myJobName',
    'containerSpecGcsPath': 'gs://{path/to/template_file}',
    'parameters': {
      'config': '$(echo "$CONFIG")',
      'stagingLocation': 'gs://{path/to/staging}'
    },
    'environment': {
      'tempLocation': 'gs://{path/to/temp}'
    }
  }
}"
```

(The options `tempLocation` and `stagingLocation` are optional. If not specified, a bucket named `dataflow-staging-{region}-{project_no}` will be automatically generated and used)

### Run Template in streaming mode

To run Template in streaming mode, specify `streaming=true` in the parameter.

```sh
gcloud dataflow flex-template run {job_name} \
  --template-file-gcs-location=gs://{path/to/template_file} \
  --parameters=config=gs://{path/to/config.json} \
  --parameters=streaming=true
```

## Rewriting the configuration file at runtime

You can assign variables to the configuration file at runtime.

The first method is to use TemplateEngine as mentioned in the [How to Define Pipeline](../config/README.md).

The second way is to override the parameters in the Config file by specifying `{stepName}.{parameterName}` as a parameter at runtime.

Suppose you have defined a configuration file as follows.

```JSON
{
  "sources": [
    {
      "name": "myQueryResult",
      "module": "bigquery",
      "parameters": {
        "table": "xxx.yyy.zzz"
      }
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```

You can override the parameter by specifying a value with the parameter name DOM at runtime, as shown below.

```sh
gsutil cp config.json gs://{path/to/config.json}

gcloud dataflow flex-template run {job_name} \
  --template-file-gcs-location=gs://{path/to/template_file} \
  --parameters=config=gs://{path/to/config.json} \
  --parameters=myQueryResult.table=myproject.mydataset.mytable \
```
